Issue Template: @grafana/ui component request (#25981)
grafana/grafana: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-grafana_ui_component.md

---
name: '@grafana/ui component request'
about: Suggest a component for the @grafana/ui package
labels: 'area/grafana/ui'
---

<!-- 

> By using this template you will make it easeier for us to make sure that documentation and implementation stays up to date for every component in @grafana/ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using this template you will make it easier for us to make sure that documentation and implementation stays up to date for every component in @grafana/ui.
```

Thank you!
-->

**Why this component is needed**:
<!-- Explain your use case -->
___

>  - [ ] Is/could it be used enough to become a pattern?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Is/could it be used in more than one place in Grafana?
```

 **Where is/could it be used?**:

>  Post screenshots if you have any.

Reviewer: I suggest moving line 19 under the checklist.

___
- [ ] Post screenshots possible.

> - [ ] It has a single use case

Reviewer: Put periods at the end of all sentences. In this case, all options.

- [ ] It is/could be used in multiple places

> **Implementation** (Checklist meant for developer)

Reviewer: Is the "developer" here the contributing developer or the maintainer developer? I suggest making this extremely clear.

- [ ] Component has a story in Storybook

> - [ ] Props and naming follows [our style guide]()

Reviewer: We have several style guides that could apply to UI. Please use the style guide name as the link text.

> - [ ] It is extendable (eg. rest props are spreaded, styles with className works)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] It is extendable (rest props are spreaded, styles with className works, and so on)
```

- [ ] Works with both light and dark theme

> - [ ] Uses theme for spacing, colors etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Uses theme for spacing, colors, and so on
```

Reviewer: A link to the Theming style guide might be a good idea here.

> - [ ] Uses theme for spacing, colors etc.

Reviewer 2: Link to theming would be awesome here :)

> - [ ] It is extendable (rest rest props are spreaded, styles with className works, and so on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] It is extendable (rest props are spread, styles with className works, and so on).
```

**Documentation**

- [ ] Properties are documented
- [ ] Use cases are described

> - [ ] Code exmaples for the different use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Code examples for the different use cases
```
